Modules,
so obviously our focus here is more on
the.
Sort of beginnings of philosophy as we
know them today,
which is what we're going to focus on in
this module,
and you'll see how a lot of what we learn
in this module ties into the other
philosophy modules that you might be
doing now or that you might.
Do in second or third year or in honors
all of the sort of relates back to each
other.
So this helps to give you a bit of a
foundation for where for the beginnings
of philosophy as we know it today.
And obviously if you're doing African
philosophy and you'll see in the
beginning of the study guide there's a
lot of discussion around how Western
philosophy has.
Been.
Privileged throughout history,
and we've sort of as part of decolonizing
institutions moving towards.
Or making a concerted effort to bring in
more African philosophy and to move away
from strictly only focusing on Western
philosophy.
But a lot of the theoretical frameworks
such as epistemology, metaphysics,
ontology,
they all sort of stem from the same place
or from from what you're going to learn
in this module.
And obviously they've changed and adapted
over, you know, throughout time,
but we're going to look at the the
foundations of, particularly Greek,
ancient Greek philosophy.
So you've already seen my face.
Some of you, for those who've just joined,
let me just put my camera on for one
second so you can see me. That's me.
I'm doctor Claire westman.
So I am the module leader for the
semester and then we also have Mr.
Kala Bopape, who's the lecturer.
He is in the meeting,
so if he wants to turn on his camera so
you can see him, he is welcome to.
But otherwise we'll load picture of him
as well.
And then for this module,
we also have a two markers who assist
with the assessments and the exams
because this is a very large module.
So we do have markers and then Mr.
Poppy and I also of course do marking and
oversee the marking of the module.
Please just note that in your tutorial
letter it lists Professor Monguini as the
module leader,
but he's on sabbatical at the moment,
so I'm the acting module leader.
So if you have any questions or concerns
or queries or you need to get in touch,
please either e-mail me.
Or Mr. bopape.
Not Prof.
Mongrini he is.
He's on his research and development
leave,
so he is not working in the module at the
moment.
So please just take note of that if you
have any questions.
He has been forwarding me some emails
from students who have been contacting
him.
But all of our details are on the PLS1501
site.
So you can easily get in touch with us if
you need anything and a lot of students
have already been contacting me through
the messaging.
Platform on my unisa.
That's great.
You can e-mail.
Or use that messaging platform.
Or use the relevant discussion forums.
We check them basically every day,
so if you have any concerns,
but obviously if it's more urgent
concerns,
please e-mail or use the messaging
functionality on my unisa OK.
So what is the purpose of PLS 1501 and
some of this is already in the tutorial
letter,
so if you've worked through it then you
might have already seen some of this.
But we're just going to have a bit of a
chat about it.
So obviously, as I've mentioned,
this module's purpose is specifically to
introduce you to the history figures,
problems and themes in Western philosophy.
So again,
the focus is on Western philosophy,
whereas in other modules you might be
focusing on African philosophy and in
particular in this module amongst other
figures,
we're going to look primarily at Socrates,
Plato, Aristotle, Augustine,
and Psalm and Aquinas.
You will see that they are also some
other philosophers mentioned in the early
Greek ancient Greek philosophers.
But I'm not going to list all of them.
Make sure that you have read through the
study guide and have begun to work
through that as you need to read through
that in order to complete your assignment.
So make sure that you please do that.
And also some of the main themes we're
going to look at and you'll get to know
these terms better.
We won't focus on it too much today
because this is just an introduction,
but some of the main themes we're going
to focus on are epistemology, metaphysics,
political, Phil.
And ethics.
So we also want to help you develop an
awareness of philos philosophical issues
in the academic environment, but also,
very importantly,
is to help you develop critical skills
that you're going to use when you're
studying philosophical arguments.
When you're evaluating philosophical
arguments.
But then also thinking about how these
skills apply to real life situations in
the world in which we live in your
communities, in your lives. So.
What's important is that you not think of
philosophy as just a subject.
That you're going to study here and never
use again and it's going to have no value
for your studies or your life.
The skills and the reasoning abilities
that you're going to develop,
the argumentation skills that you're
going to develop are very necessary parts
of our lives,
and in reading through the reflections
that some of you have done already on the
site,
I've seen some really good answers and
some.
Really.
Good thinking around what you already
know about philosophy.
So if you haven't done that already,
I mean it's just for you to do as a
little extra exercise,
but it's a great way for you to.
Start the module to think about what do
you know about philosophy.
What does philosophy mean to you?
How is it going to help in your studies
in your life?
And I've seen some really great responses,
so I'm really excited to see that some of
you already have an idea of what
philosophy is about, but more importantly,
how many of you have noted that
philosophy is an important part of our
everyday lives? So we engage in Phil.
Thinking and philosophical reasoning
without even realizing that we're doing
it most of the time so.
Every day we engage in philosophical
thought without knowing that you're doing
it.
And then once we once you've been doing
philosophy for a bit of time,
once you've done this module while you're
working through the module.
Those critical thinking and reasoning
skills are going to develop even further,
and you're going to gain a greater
awareness of how valuable philosophy and
philosophical thinking is in everything
you do.
So it involves.
Why do we make the choices we make?
Why do we have the beliefs that we have?
How do you gain knowledge of the world?
How can you understand the world and
others better?
What is your place in the world?
And these might seem like a very big
questions.
And they can be.
And often you will.
You'll never might not ever get an
specific answer to them.
But the point is to be reflective to
think about these things.
It's so important because very often we
make choices or we have beliefs,
but we don't really think about why we
make those choices or why we have those
beliefs or why we do the things that we
do.
And so philosophy fee is about think is
about developing that reflective nature.
That helps us to.
Be more intentional about our thoughts
and be more conscious of those choices we
make and of those decisions and of the
ways we are in the world and the kinds of
things we the way we gain knowledge,
the way we understand the world.
So you will see that the big questions
and a lot of the times as you're doing
philosophy,
sometimes you will see that your beliefs
and your opinions and your ideas and the
way you think about yourself and the
world and others can start to change.
And that's a.
Good thing we all need to be reflective
of who we are and how we behave and how
we act in this world,
so hopefully that is something that
you're going to gain from this module.
So philosophy can help to guide our well
us to think about the questions.
That guide our lives that can help us to
think about the ways or reflect on the
ways in which we interact with others,
the kinds of meaning we assign to our own
lives and the way in which we view not
only our place in the world, but also.
The value and meaning to be assigned to
the world around us.
So here you might even think about the
meanings and value you assigned to
animals or to nature and the way you
interact with that and the way you exist
in the world so.
They're very,
very big concept and big questions and
conflicts very complex at times and they
can challenge your thinking.
They can challenge the way.
You feel about others the way you think
about yourselves,
about the meaning of your own life,
but that is the whole point of philosophy,
and that is what I hope that you're going
to start to develop as you work through
this module.
So yeah,
I'm really glad that some of a lot of you
have already done the reflections.
It's given me a good insight into where
you are at this point and what you
already know and what you already think
about philosophy.
Thank you for everyone that has done that.
So specifically in this module,
these are some of the questions we're
going to ask.
What can we know?
How do we gain knowledge?
So for example,
some philosophers say that we knowledge
is only gained through rationality or
using reason.
Aristotle would say that it's through
experience.
So how do we get that knowledge?
Then we're also going to ask things like
in terms of ethics,
how do we know what is right and wrong?
How do we make decisions about that?
What is justice?
What form of government is best?
What does it mean to be a social animal?
So what does it mean to be a person in a
social setting?
What does it mean to live in a world with
others with nature, with?
You know, with animals, with ancestors,
what does it just mean to be a person in
the world?
So these are some of the main questions
that we're going to ask as we work
through this module and I hope as I said
that it's going to stimulate your own
thoughts and you're going to see how this
relates to your life,
to your everyday experiences, the quest.
You have about the world, about your life,
about others,
and about how you are living.
So the main outcomes,
as we've already said,
obviously one of the most important
things that we need you to want you to
achieve by the end of the module is to
understand the theoretical frameworks
that we will be looking at,
such as epistemology, metaphysics, ethics,
etcetera.
And very, very very importantly,
as a student,
as a person in the world is to develop
those critical thinking and reasoning
skills.
Then by the end of the module,
you will hopefully have enhanced your
skills for developing philosophical
arguments,
considering counter arguments and not
just looking at one side of the argument.
But it's always important to consider
what the other side of the argument might
be.
What might other people say about this
idea or notion? How do these?
Interact with each other.
What are the strengths and weaknesses of
different arguments,
and how does that help you to reach a
conclusion or to develop your own
argument and then obviously as you go
through the module, you're going to?
Begin to understand and develop more
complex arguments of your own by drawing
on those theoretical frameworks by
drawing on research and doing the
readings throughout the module throughout
the semester.
So that is what the main things that we
hope you're going to be able to achieve
by the time we reach the end of the
semester.
So in order to do that,
it will be based on your readings on the
assignments that we give you on engaging
in those discussion forums on thinking
about the work.
So philosophy can be challenging.
And I won't sugarcoat that it can be a
challenging subject.
It's a different way of reading,
a different way of thinking.
So a different way of writing a time so
it can be complex,
but I don't want you to go into this
being scared of the module and thinking
it's something that's so out there and
something that you've never engaged in.
Like I said, it's something you do every.
Day you just don't know that you do.
And obviously when you're doing
philosophy at university,
it is more formal and you need to rely on.
The text that you read,
I'm doing research and developing your
arguments based on referenced and
reasoned evidence.
But it is something that you can do and
we see that every year people do,
you know,
we come up with good arguments that
understand the theory.
So I don't want you to go into the module
feeling overwhelmed,
which can happen with philosophy and
obviously we are here to help you through
the semester,
so please don't ever feel worried about
reaching out or concerned about posting
on the forums that maybe people will you
know.
Think it's a silly question.
I can assure you any questions that you
have somebody else in the module,
somebody else is also doing.
The module has and they will be very glad
that you've asked the question so that
they can also find out.
So please don't ever be afraid to reach
out or to ask US questions.
That is, the point is,
we are here to help you,
to get through this module and to
hopefully enjoy the module.
That's the main goal and to help you
develop an interest or philosophy and to
want to continue on in philosophy.
So please always reach out if you need us.
So the prescribed books and reading there
is no prescribed book for this module as
books.
Sorry as you will have seen,
if you've done the if you've looked
through the tutorial letter already.
The main source for this module is the
study guide,
and if you haven't already downloaded or
looked at the study guide,
it's under the official study material
link on the PLS 150125 S One site,
so please go get that as soon as Poss.
If you haven't already looked at it
because you do need to read through that,
at least the some of the units in order
to answer the questions for assessment
one.
So for your assessments and to prepare
for the exam,
you will use the study guide as your main
source.
But because you are now at university,
we also expect you to do some of your own
research.
So please.
Please make sure you focus focus on the
study guide,
but do your own research if possible as
well,
because that is something that you need
to start developing.
Those skills you need to start thinking
about what other sources say you need to
start bringing research into your work.
So other than those,
the other resources that you will use are
the tutorial letter 101.
That obviously if you have looked at it
already contains important administrative
information about the module.
It gives you an overview of the module,
so it's very important to go through that
to just have an understanding of the
module.
Then you will also find on the site
tutorial letter 301 and this is also a
very important resource for when you're
doing your assessments.
This tutorial letter gives you guidelines
for writing a philosophical essay and
very importantly for referencing.
So remember that referencing is
absolutely vital.
Any assessment you submit in philosophy
and in most other modules,
but I want to speak for others.
But any assessment you submit in
philosophy has to include referenced
evidence.
So you need to have an idea of how to
reference so that tutorial letter gives
you gives explanations of how to
reference.
In your work OK.
So very, very, very, very important.
Then you also will get tutorial letters
2:01 and 2:02.
Those are not on the site yet,
because those are the follow up tutorial
letters for the assessments.
So those act in a way as a kind of memo.
Giving you guidelines for what should
have been included in the assessments,
how you could have approached the
assessments,
the kind of thing that we were looking
for when we were marking your assessments,
they won't give you exact answers because
in philosophy they are an issue doing
critical, Phil.
A critical reasoning.
They are very specific answers,
but in this module.
They aren't right or wrong answers.
The important point is that you
understand the theory that you are able
to explain the theory comprehensively and.
In a way that explain the theory properly
and that you are able to develop an
argument.
So if we ask you, for example,
who do you agree with more Plato or
Aristotle?
Neither of those. If you said Plato,
or if you said Aristotle.
Neither of those answers are right or
wrong.
What we want to see is why you say that.
How you support that answer?
How you develop your argument,
how you make it clear why you are saying
that you, for example,
agree with Plato's theory off the forms
rather than with Aristotle, OK.
So you will never get one straightforward
answer to the questions that are in your
assessments in those follow up tutorial
letters.
There will be guidelines of how you could
have approached the question.
The primary things that we were looking
for.
And how you could have drawn on that
information and then closer to the exam,
we will load some past exam papers.
Again,
these are just to help you and see what
kinds of questions might be asked in the
exams. The way questions might be asked.
Obviously that's not going to be the
exact same questions in your exam,
but just to give you an idea of what.
A question what the questions are like in
a philosophy exam,
and once you see that then you can start
to also think about how you will prepare
for the exam.
So those will be loaded.
Not right now.
Because for now,
we need you to focus on your assessments.
So a little bit later in the semester,
we will load those so that you can start
working through those.
So then for this module,
there are three assessments.
There are two assignments and one exam,
so you might have already seen this
information or do some of it in the
tutorial letter and on the site,
and these are the kinds of assessments
when they do and the semester wait.
So assessment one,
you know a short answer questions.
The due date is the 20th of March and it
is out of 100.
So what the semester wait means is that
this assignment assessment 1 counts 20%
of your overall semester mark.
So assessment one and assessment 2
together count 40% of your total semester
mark and your exam count 60%.
So that's not something you need to worry
about too much.
It's just showing you that the exam has a
slightly greater waiting than the other
assessments.
But it's it's not something you really
need to be stressed about.
Just do your assessments as best as you
can.
Make sure that you submit assessment one
and assessment 2.
Both are mandatory for this module.
So and if you submit only one of them,
then you are likely not to do very well
overall in the semester.
It will affect your overall grade.
So it is mandatory that you do assessment
one and two assessment 2 which is due on
the 25th of April is an essay question.
And again,
it's out of 100 and waiting of 20% and
then the exam will consist of short
answers and an essay.
So it will combine the kinds of questions
you've been asked in assessment one and
assessment two and we can't give you the
date for that yet because the exam
timetable is not out yet,
but it is in May or June, yeah.
So I've already received some questions
about assessment one and I don't want to
go into too much detail about it now,
but just to address the ones that I've
received a few questions about.
One question was do you need
introductions and conclusions?
It states very clearly in the assessment.
Instructions do not include introductions
or conclusions for assessment.
One they are short answer questions.
Each question has a word limit of 300
words, which might seem like a lot,
but it is not.
So if you including in an introduction
and a conclusion in those 300 words,
you're not really going to have enough
space to get to the most important inform.
So for assessment one,
you just have to include.
The what we would call the body of the
answer, OK.
So just include the most important
information that's needed to answer the
question that's needed to help you
develop your discussion or your argument,
depending on what the question is.
You do not need to include introductions
or conclusions for assessment one.
Then I've had quite a few people emailing
me about if they need a cover page.
It is not compulsory to include a cover
page.
There's no mark for it,
but it is good to get into the habit of
doing cover pages,
so you are welcome to include a cover
page,
but you won't be penalized if you don't.
The same with the contents page.
If you want to include a contents page,
you're welcome to,
but you will not lose marks if you don't
include one.
Then people have asked me about the the
font.
So you can use one of the more academic
fronts. One of the more formal fonts.
So Calibri,
aerial or times new Roman and I would
suggest size 11 or 12.
Hard and fast rules about it,
but size 10 can be difficult for us to
read.
If you have challenges with your eyesight
and you need to type in bigger font,
then please do so absolutely,
but otherwise stick to around size 11 or
12 and then again with line spacing.
There are no specific rules about it,
but it is easier for us to read when
we're marking.
If your line spacing is 1 1/2 or two.
Even so,
those are just some of the general
guidelines for the more technical aspects
of the assignment.
Very, very important for the assignment.
Remember to include your in text
referencing and a bibliography.
OK,
so that is something that you must
include,
but I'm not going to focus on the content
of the assessment right now.
If you have questions about that,
please do send them to me or post them on
the discussion forums and we can address
them there as well.
And then very importantly is that there
are others resources that you can use in
order to help you with your assessments
and in order to help you with your
studies,
you have obviously access to the library,
which is essential for your research and
your studying a lot of.
The information can be accessed online,
so that's important.
There are also librarians who can assist
you,
so please go look at the library web page
and just play around on it to see what
information is on there,
what resources are available to you.
The contact numbers or e-mail addresses
for people who work in the library that
can also assist you if you need any
assistance and then very very,
very beneficial are the online databases.
These are very convenient and reliable
way to access academic articles.
I'm sure a lot of you don't know how to
use the online databases at this stage.
I'm going to make a video showing you the
exact steps of how to access the online
databases, which I will load.
Onto the site.
Because when you are doing your
assessments,
you need to make sure that you are using
reliable academic sources and the online
databases are probably the easiest way
for you to go about finding good academic
sources.
It's it contains thousands of journals.
And articles and so when you go onto the
databases once you know how to use them,
it's a really,
really great way to find those articles
that you can use as research that you can
use for your assessments.
So I will make a video for that.
So please go watch that once I've loaded
it,
I'll send out an announcement because
that will help you through the whole of
your university career.
You will need to know how to use slides.
So if you don't already know.
Some of you might.
Then please go watch the video.
Once I've done that.
And then, of course,
there are also many other student
resources which I'm sure you've been told
about and alluded to by the university.
So always just go look on the unisa page
to see on Unisa website to see what other
resources are available for you, OK.
And then so some of the expectations that
we have for you as students in this
module very, very,
very important is that you check the site
regularly.
Sorry,
it's just having especially the
announcements,
important information is shared in those
announcements.
So please check on their regularly to see
if there's any new information.
All the resources that you need on that,
the PLS 150125 is one site,
so make sure that.
You are very familiar with it.
You know how to use it.
You can access those resources if you
have any issues with accessing the site.
Please let us know as soon as possible so
that we can assist you with that or put
you on to the people who can assist with
that.
You need to read all of your study
materials very carefully.
That includes a tutorial 101,
the study guide.
Tutorial 301 and then of course,
once the tutorial 200 litres are out,
you can also look through those.
Very, very,
very important is that you submit your
assessments before the due date.
Or at least on the due date on the day
that they're due.
Do not wait until the last minute, though.
Sometimes what happens is because
everybody's trying to submit assignments
at the same time at 1059 minutes.
During 11 the system crashes or you have
technical challenges and then you don't
submit your assignment.
Unless you have a very, very valid reason,
for example universal bit,
a death in the family,
or an illness that you have a doctor's
note for.
And that would have severely impacted on
you submitting.
We do not accept assignments by e-mail,
OK.
So you must make sure that you submit in
time so that you can.
Contact us if there are any challenges
that you face or that you can.
Submit, try again and submit again.
If the system is down or anything like
that. OK,
we know that there can be technical
challenges.
We know in this country issues with
network and load shedding,
but your assignments are given to you
while in advance,
so they shouldn't really be any technical
excuses.
So generally we see those when people are
trying to submit their watch, says 1058.
But on the system it's 11/01 and the
submission has closed OK.
So please do not wait until the very last
minute.
So my suggestion is always try and submit.
At least a day or two in advance,
in case there are any challenges.
If you can't do that,
try at least submit a few hours before
the deadline. OK,
so for for both your assessments,
the deadline is 11 at night,
but try and submit in advance of that.
OK. And if you have challenges,
please let us know as it says in the last
point, as soon as you possibly can,
because if you come to us three weeks
later and say I couldn't submit
assessment one because of whatever reason
it might be too late for us.
To do anything about it,
remember there are cut off dates as well
for us to submit marks to the to the
university.
They are.
They are processes that we have to follow
behind the scenes that sometimes mean
that there's no way that we can help you.
So if you have any kinds of challenges,
let us know straight away.
As soon as you are possible so that we
can see how best we can help you. OK,
engage in the online activities and
discussions which a lot of you have
already been doing, which is amazing.
The some of you have been doing the
introductions and I always love the
introductions because it's very difficult
to get to know you when we are in this
online environment.
So the introductions are one way that I
can get to know you that the other people
you are studying with can get to know a
little bit about you.
So thank you to everyone who's been doing
the introductions.
I've been reading through them as they've
been coming up,
obviously won't respond to all of them,
but I'm very grateful for those of you
who have been doing them as well As for
those of you who have been doing the
reflections.
But what's very important about the
activities in this discussions is they
can help you to improve your
understanding there.
A place where you can raise any questions
or concerns that you have and it also
helps us as the PLS 1501 team to see what
areas.
We might need to assist with what areas
need more attention,
what parts of the module the content of
the module.
Are you struggling with that?
Need more attention?
How can we help you better in the module?
So those discussions are a way for us to
also help you and then prepare for and
attend.
Oh, if you're not able to attend,
catch up on the discussion classes or the
recorded lessons.
And when we have these discussion classes.
So from next week on,
we'll be having them regularly and we'll
be looking at the content of the module.
Please prepare in advance by reading
through the relevant section.
That or relevant material that we will be
focusing on in the discussion session.
In those discussion classes,
I will not be repeating everything that's
in the study guide, right?
Because the study guide is there for you
to read it,
so I'm not going to just repeat what's in
there. That would be boring for you.
It would not be super helpful.
There will be an overview of the unit.
There will be an overview of the content,
but much more importantly,
there a chance for you to ask questions
about the content to gain clarification
on anything that is unclear to you.
Their chance for us to engage with each
other for you to develop a deeper
understanding stand.
Off the content.
So if you attend the discussion class and
you haven't read anything and you have no
idea what we're talking about,
they will not be as beneficial for you as
if you prepare in advance.
Because if you already have some kind of
idea of what we're talking about,
you'll be able to focus more during the
discussion session.
You'll be able to think about what you've
been reading.
You will have the questions that you're
concerned about,
all the areas that need clarification for
you,
so please do prepare in advance for those
sessions.
And then finally.
Are there any expectations that you have
for the module or that you have for
either me or for me and Mr. Popapi,
as the PLS 1501 team?
Are there any things that in particular
that you are hoping to gain from this or
that you hope you know we can help you
with or that you expect from us while
you're going through the module or do you
have any other questions or concerns as
you're getting?
Started with the module.
If you do,
you can put up your hand and ask them.
You can pop them in the chat.
Anything that you are at this stage
concerned about any questions you have at
this stage.
OK,
while you're thinking and writing in the
chat.
I will just say.
With regards to the assessments,
we often get emails from students saying
I haven't got my marks.
My friend has got these or when are we
getting our marks?
So just so that you have an idea.
The average turn around time or the time
that we are given is between 2 weeks and
three weeks.
So we aim very much to have your marks
back to you within that time,
two to three weeks,
but sometimes remember, as I said,
there's four of us who do marking.
So one of your friends might have their
marks done.
Before it might get their assignment back
before you,
but if it goes past three weeks and you
don't have your mark or everybody else
has theirs and you haven't seen yours,
or there's an issue.
Then please contact us, K.
OK.
So I'm seeing a lot of questions here,
so let me go through them.
Help understanding Palmer needles.
Please,
we will focus on that in next week's
session if that is OK, Dylan.
We'll have class once a week.
It won't always be a teams meeting.
Some weeks I will just load.
Pre recorded lessons or reading material
for you.
So it won't always be an in person class,
but in general it will be once a week and
it will be at this time every Wednesday.
This seems to be a fairly good time since
there are about 85 of you here,
which is a very high turn out,
so that's fantastic.
How can you submit your assignment OK?
I'll very quickly once I've gone through
the questions,
share my screen to show you where you
find the assignment and how you submit it.
Tristan asks.
Are there any specific YouTube channels
or videos or other material for extra
info about philosophy and in general and
just a fun listen or watch off the top of
my head right now?
I can't think of specific ones,
but I will put a little list on.
The site.
I'm currently listening to.
It's called a life well lived.
It's a podcast.
I found it on Spotify and it is hosted by
Peter Singer who is a very renowned
philosopher.
He's particularly works in animal ethics
and utilitarianism,
so not exactly what you're doing in this
module,
but it is a very interesting podcast he
hosted with another with a Polish
philosopher.
She does work around hedonism and they
interviewing all kinds of people from
various sort of industries and walks of
life.
So the one I'm listening to at the moment
is with a historian.
Very interesting.
That also have people on like Jane
Goodall, the person who founded Peter,
the Peter Organization.
So that one's called a laugh.
Well lived.
It talks a lot about.
What makes a good laugh?
Which are some of the things that you'll
be sort of considering in this module?
What does it mean to live a good life?
How can we live with others?
How can we improve?
Sort of the world around us.
So that's a great one.
And it's not too complex.
So that would be a good one to listen to,
but otherwise I'll have a look for some
others for you as well.
Turn it in.
We will look closer at the time,
but Turnitin is built into the my Unisa
platform.
So when you submit your assignment on the
in the normal assessment two submission
area,
it will automatically be sent to turn it
in OK and you will get three
opportunities.
To submit it.
So if you submit the first time and
realize, Oh no, we oh,
I didn't realize that I'd used AI to
write this whole assignment.
And now my whole thing's plagiarized,
which would be a very odd thing,
because you would know that you'd used AI.
But if for some reason it happens that
you get a very high turnitin result,
you can resubmit.
But I don't want to go too much into
turnitin in now.
But I know this is a question that I get
all the time.
What is an acceptable percentage on
turnitin?
It's very difficult to say.
Because we look at the more of the detail
of the report rather than the percentage.
So if you know you have paraphrased so
you've written in your own words,
you've included your referencing.
You haven't used AI to do your answer,
even if it's a higher percentage,
you don't need to panic. OK,
as long as you know you've done what you
need to.
That's all you have to worry about.
The unique codes they are there in the
instructions,
but you don't actually need them.
That was,
we say that you need to know the unique
code,
but that was more for when you did paper
based submissions.
Now obviously the submissions just come
directly to us.
So you don't need to worry too much,
but they are on the instructions.
I'll show you when we go there.
I have not started a WhatsApp group for
the module because there are concerns
around the protection of your information.
You are very welcome to start a WhatsApp
group for the module and you're welcome
to add me to that group.
So I'll put my number here if you want to
add me to the WhatsApp group,
but there are some concerns around Poppy.
If we start the group and add you so.
Or you join.
So I suggest that one of your students
start the WhatsApp group and we can take
it from there.
I will put a WhatsApp discussion forum
and you can discuss there about joining
the WhatsApp group.
OK. No,
on the assignment we have to write each
question as essay.
No, I've discussed that.
You don't have to write each.
You answer each question you say 1.
So you've got question one, you answer it.
You don't have to have an introduction
and conclusion.
It is not a proper essay.
It is short answer questions so you don't
include an introduction.
Don't include a conclusion.
You're just going to give us the most
important information and develop an
argument,
develop a discussion for each question.
OK.
How the concept of philosophical thinking,
epistemology, logic, metaphysics,
having context with Western philosophy?
OK,
those are all things we're going to do in
the module.
So I'm not going to get into that now.
It's a great question.
Thank you, Elton.
But that is sort of the core of the
module.
So we'll be working on those as we go
through the module.
Yes, favour asks.
Is Google a reliable a Google Scholar?
Reliable source.
Yes,
Google Scholar is a very reliable source,
so that is something that you can use for
your research.
The only problem with Google Scholar is
that sometimes you will find an article
that sounds amazing.
It's perfect.
It's exactly what you need and all you
can see is the abstract.
So all you can see is a summary of the
article and then it if you click on the
link it will take you to where they want
you to pay to access the.
It'll take you to to the journal site and
the journal will want you to pay.
For the article that's just that's very
normal journal practice,
but it means that it's been very
difficult for you to sometimes access
those articles and that is why we have
the online databases.
So I will in the little video I'm going
to do,
I will show you how you can use Google
Scholar, but you can also.
When you use Google Scholar,
if there's only an abstract,
you can search for that source on the
online databases or that article on the
online databases.
If the full text is not available on
Google Scholar very often,
the full text is available on Google
Scholar, but not always. OK,
but it's of good source,
and that's a very good question.
Thank you.
Another place that you can sometimes find
good articles is on a place called
ResearchGate.
So sometimes I've put the thing in the
name in the comments.
Sometimes people will load to the
articles onto.
ResearchGate their own articles that
they've written.
And sometimes.
They you can e-mail them even and ask
them to send you the article.
So that's another place that you can look.
OK,
I understand referencing is very tricky
and I will post so please look at the
tutorial letter 301 for help with that as
well.
I will also post.
I'll do it this afternoon.
A whole lot of extra.
Lessons on the discussion forum for how
to do referencing,
but we can talk about it a little bit
next week because we're running out of
time very quickly now.
For how to do referencing OK and at this
stage of the year, your first years,
you're new to the university.
We know that you might not reference
perfectly what we wanna see at this stage
is that you are attempting to reference K.
Do you reference at the end OK.
I've just got a notification that I've
been added to the group.
Thank you for whoever started it.
Do you write references after each
question or reference at the end of
everything?
So in text referencing you do in your
answer.
So where you use the information you
include the reference.
So if I write a sentence saying Plato
says that all we see on Earth are
imitations of the form,
I would put my reference there.
Then I'd carry on my next sentence
explaining. OK,
so you do this two kinds of referencing
is in text referencing.
Which is in your answer.
And then there's a bibliography that goes
at the very end,
which includes you're referencing for
everything, OK.
So yeah, again,
I'll post some more resources for that.
When you submit your assessment,
there should be a little.
Thing that you click that says that your
honesty declaration.
So that should be there when you click
that.
OK, I will show you.
Marble record.
Someone ask you a question or they just
unmute by accident.
OK, OK.
Carlos answered some of your questions.
So in the chat.
So that's great.
Let me just see,
these are all WhatsApp things.
You see, if there's anything else.
Yes, Tristan also mentioned here,
as I mentioned,
sometimes if you e-mail the person who
wrote the article,
they will send it to you for free.
And that's why so research creates also a
great place for that.
Because you can just send them a message
and they can sometimes send you the
article.
I mean, some people are very busy,
so they don't.
But some will OK.
I'm going to stop sharing the screen.
Uh, what am I doing?
Repl.
OK.
Let me just do this.
Let me open, OK.
Here's our site.
Let me just share my screen with you.
Play.
OK.
So here we are on the can you all see the
PLS 1501 site?
OK, cool.
So somebody asked about the 301 litre.
So to access that you will go here to
official study material.
So obviously you're seeing my view,
which is slightly different from yours.
Actually,
let me just change this to student view
and then.
It's not leading me, OK.
So you go to official study material and
here is tutorial letter 301, OK.
So then you'll just click on that and
it's apdf document.
It will open for you.
OK. And then for the assignment?
Somebody asked about assessment one again.
You go here on the left hand side to
assessment one.
There are brief instructions here,
but you need to open the PDF here.
I'm not going to re download it,
but you open it there and it will
download and all your instructions will
be in there.
Let me see if here I have it open.
But can you see the assessment there?
Yes.
So here is what the assessment looks like.
Here are the instructions.
Here's where it says don't need to
include introduction or conclusion.
Very important notes about using AI.
Very, very, very important.
And here are the questions, OK.
So that's for that.
So when you want to submit.
Uh, no,
I don't want edit mode when you go onto
this.
You won't see all of this.
You will click on it and it will show you
the assessment.
I'm not sure why it's not letting me oh
shoot wrong.
OK.
So this is what you will see.
You will see these.
Here's the unique number for who we've
always asked about the unique number,
but again, you don't really need it.
I know it says in instructions,
but it's there if you need it you will
say add submission when you are ready.
So remember you will have answered your
typed up your work in a Word document or
whatever. Have you done it?
Here is the honesty declaration you will.
Click that and then you will load your
file here OK.
So you'll go and choose your file
wherever it is,
and then you will load that and click
upload file.
And these are the kinds of documents you
can submit PDF A word 2007 or a Word
document, a dot Doc, a Doc Doc, Doc docs,
or apdf. OK.
And then you just say save and then it
will be loaded.
OK.
So are there any further questions about
that?
OK, so I think that should be OK again.
Under additional resources,
here's your tutorial letter 101.
Here is your study guide.
Here's the plagiarism policy.
Here's another guide for referencing in
philosophy,
and this is the what is philosophy?
Video that belongs to this little what is
philosophy?
Video and little activity. Again,
that activity is not for marks.
Yeah.
It's for you to do for yourself.
So, so don't panic if you haven't done it,
OK?
There's a question.
You can unmute yourself.
Hi ma'am. The the pleasure is in PDF.
Is it me?
Hi.
Thatation form.
No. So let me show you again.
You don't need to submit an actual declar.
Let me show you again.
You don't need to submit an actual
declaration form here.
When you go to assessment one.
You can submit a form if you want to,
and then you there's.
You can find plenty like online or just
I'll put one on the site for you,
but it's built into it.
So when you say add submission,
you have this here that says the
submission is my own work.
That's your honesty declaration.
So you just have to check that. OK,
so you don't actually have to include a
plagiarism or an honesty declaration.
Wait.
You can just click on the this 'cause you
see it's required if you don't click on
that it won't let you submit.
Thank you.
OK. Pleasure. OK.
We are a bit over time.
Are there any other questions before we?
Finish.
I see another hand.
Cheeko, fatso.
And everyone,
let me just preface this at the beginning.
If I pronounce your name incorrectly,
please accept my apologies in advance,
and please feel very free to correct my
pronunciation.
OK.
Yes, your question.
Is there a question?
Yeah, you mute this person.
Chair of fight.
So I can't hear you.
I'm not sure if it's my side or if it's.
Oh, wait, I think I can hear you now.
Who not breaking up.
Do you maybe want to post in the chat?
I'm not sure if it's the network or
what's going on.
Hi mum.
Sorry again when you do a we paraphase
everything.
Even the hijas work.
Mm hmm.
Or or just copy acids.
Then we point our view effect.
Of our our dots on it.
OK,
so in general you should paraphrase
Or.
because that shows us that you understand
it helps for making your writing more
cohesive.
But remember, even when you paraphrase,
it's not your idea.
So you need to include a reference.
So always think to yourself,
if it's not your words or if it's not
your idea, it must have a reference.
So even if you've taken someone else's
idea, like from the study guide.
And you write it in your own words.
You still reference it. OK,
so I will put those.
Guide those lessons on the forum so that
it explains all of that as well,
and we can discuss that a bit more next
week.
OK.
But you can also quote directly.
That's when you use the exact words that
are in, for example the study guide.
But you they must put it in quotation
marks.
It must be exactly the same as it was in
the original source,
and it must have a reference.
But at your level,
at first your level you should not be
quoting more than once or twice per page,
and those must be very.
Those must be short quotes, so.
A sentence or a phrase.
You should not be quoting whole
paragraphs, OK.
OK. Does that answer your question?
Replay.
OK.
I see K msabouli you have a question.
Arka Khanna, you have a question?
Good morning, everyone.
Morning.
Please take your PLS 1501 meeting.
There is a whatsappling that you can use
to join the WhatsApp group.
OK.
Thank you, everybody.
If you haven't seen yet,
there's a WhatsApp link in the chat to
join the WhatsApp group.
So you don't need to post your number,
you can just go click on the link to join
the group. OK.
I will also put that on the site so that
anyone who wants to join can join it.
Thank you in Fundscape.
Replay.
Morning, ma'am.
Morning.
I wanted to.
I wanted to know when referencing so we
got the three questions.
So when referencing,
let's say to question one,
can you add it in the middle of the
question?
So like when you quote the sentence,
can you add the referencing while you
quote the sentence?
Or must you make A at the end like?
No, no, you must put it.
Yeah, so you if you quote,
you put the reference directly after the
quote.
So you put the reference where you have
used the information, OK.
So a lot of students will end up putting
a reference right at the end of the
paragraph when the information is
actually in the middle of the paragraph.
So that's a very good question.
So you put the reference where the
information is included.
Does that answer your question?
OK, to pleasure. OK.
Yes, thank you.
We'll just take one or two more questions
because we've gone quite over time here.
Let's see.
Let me see in the thing.
Class mamper.
Morning, ma'am. And all the students.
Morning.
It's in relation.
My question is in relation with reference,
I think we struggle a lot in terms of
referencing.
I had one of the student I I had you
saying if you quote more than a sentence
a paragraph of some sort you won't
consider that.
So what happens in a case that OK if I
misquoted you, please forgive me.
You can come through me. OK, but clarity.
No, no, sorry, sorry, I interrupted.
You you can finish your question.
No, you can come through.
No apologies.
I'll, I'll continue, OK.
Replay.
Yeah, I was saying.
Could you?
Could more than a sentence in that case,
what will happen?
I mean, we'll still read it,
but if you're quoting a whole paragraph
in a in an answer of 300 words,
that's a whole chunk of the work where we
can't see if you actually understand it.
Or if you're just sticking a paragraph
quote in, because to fill up a space.
So when you get to higher levels of study,
you can include entire paragraphs
sometimes or longer quotes because you're
submitting much longer documents.
But at first year level,
where the document where your answers are
fairly short,
where there's limited word count.
If you're including very long paragraphs
or very long quotes,
generally what it shows us is that you
don't have a full grasp of the content,
or that you don't really understand it
too well, OK.
So what we want to see is you writing in
your own words,
you explaining what you've read and you
understand so that we can see your
understanding so that you can develop
your discussion and your argument so.
That is why it is preferable.
It's best for you to only include short
quotes or one or two sentences here or
there,
or short phrases instead of whole
paragraphs. OK.
Obviously,
if you're in putting whole quotes whole
paragraphs in it will lead to you not
getting as many marks,
because it's not necessarily your own
work, OK.
So quoting is fine,
but you do have to consider limiting the
quotas and focusing more on paraphrasing
and explaining, rather than just quoting.
OK. OK.
And then we've got a question from Luanda.
Hi everyone.
Morning.
Sorry, ma'am,
I actually missed a good chunk of the the
the meeting in the beginning.
So would you have any notes uploaded or
anything uploaded referring to what you
OK.
were talking about initially?
I'll load this recording so you can go
back and watch the recording in whenever
Oh, OK.
you have time.
OK.
Great. Thank you.
Perfect, no problem.
OK. Are they there still two hands up?
I assume infundashcape.
Is it a legacy hand OK.
OK, Mossa buli.
I'm sorry from segment very incorrectly.
I can't.
You're unmuted.
Run.
But I can't hear you.
I'm not sure if it's your network.
So perhaps you can post your chat in the
question.
And close to you kissing me the chair not
shut.
Post your cheat in the kitchen. Oh.
Sorry,
I was also reading the chat at the same
time.
OK.
We are going to.
I'm going to take two more questions and
then I think we will have to end this
'cause. I do have another meeting.
Oh, OK.
Oh,
so you did post your question in the chat
group allocation, so there is only.
Do you mean for a tutorial group?
There is only one tutorial group.
And that is.
Beyond my scope, we don't.
We don't do the allocation that is done
by higher up at the university.
So I'm not sure exactly how it works.
But.
All the most important information is
included on the main site,
so please use that.
There was a question about if we can add
the declaration at the end of the
assignment.
Again, I've gone over this.
You don't have to include.
A page with the honesty declaration you
click.
Let me show you again.
You click in the assessment when you open
it, it says this.
The submission is my own work.
You click that.
That is your honesty declaration, OK?
So you don't have to include.
A.
A page that says honesty declaration and
all of that.
You can just click there that counts as
your honesty declaration. OK.
Let me just look here, OK.
Last question, I'm going to take for now,
just so we can,
because we've gone over quite a lot today.
Luanda.
It's an old hand. Sorry, ma'am.
Forgot to put it down.
Oh, OK.
No problem. OK.
So I think we will leave it there for now,
'cause. We've covered a lot today.
Let me just look quickly in the chat,
but thank you to Mr. Poppy.
He's been answering a lot of questions
there.
If you've already submitted,
you did your referencing at the end.
What is going to happen?
You can.
Resubmit.
Yeah,
just send me an e-mail and we will have a
look there, OK?
You don't have to write the word count at
the end. You can include it.
But obviously we can sort of tell
straight away how many words it is.
But it can be helpful if you include a
word count.
And yes, if you're answering 300 words,
you can write in paragraphs.
Remember 1 idea per paragraph,
so you can write in paragraphs when you
answer those questions,
because 300 words is about came your page
or so.
So it would be best to have some
paragraphs. OK, alright.
Alright,
so let's leave it there because we've
covered a lot today and we've gone.
This was, I said, a brief meeting.
And now it's been very long,
but I'm very glad that all of you
attended.
Thank you so much to all of you for
attending and engaging and having
questions and.
Already being so involved in the module,
it's it's really wonderful to see that
all of you are here and thinking about
what's happening and already sort of
working on your assessments and seeing
how you can go about completing those.
And also I'm really really really
grateful and pleased that you've been
posting on the forums and in the
discussion and your the reflections and
your introductions.
So I'm really looking forward to the
semester with all of you.
And obviously if you have any questions
or concerns,
please e-mail or send a message to me or
Mr. Bopape. As I said,
we are here to help you.
We want you to do well in the module.
We want you to enjoy it and we want you
to develop an interest and maybe even a
love of philosophy.
So please don't ever be afraid to reach
out.
We do try to get back to you within about
48 to 72 hours,
so if we don't get back to you straight
away, it's not that we are.
Ignoring you,
but we do get a lot of enquiries.
So if you can just be a little bit
patient,
we will get back to you when we can. OK.
But thank you everyone for joining today.
And if you only joined a bit later,
I will upload this so that you can catch
up and you can go back.
Over it in your own time. OK,
let me just put my camera on to say
goodbye.
Goodbye everyone, and have a great day.
And then I will see you next week at next
week, Wednesday at 10:00 again.
OK,
so I will send out an announcement and
Goodbye.
you can prepare in advance for that.
So if you have any questions,
we can go over those.
Thank you.
Thanks everyone. Goodbye.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye.
Bye.